Whisper mode: base
Hello, this is Arnau and currently it is 10.11 pm on wednesday 29th of April 2026. Tomorrow, I have an exam. It is the final exam of my 6th semester exam. Which means this is the final examination of my computer science degree. Like the whole thing. Like once I come out of the examination hall. I will be done with my course and the only thing left for me to do is to get my marksheet and my degree certificate. I have not started studying for tomorrow's exam because it is easy. Instead, I am going to talk about my degree course and all my experience within all everything in one whole thing. So, all the way back in 2023, it is sufficient to say that I fucked up in my 12th examination. I got 66.17%, which meant that I was going to stay in RYK science college because they fucking took anyone above 60% grade. No question, last time I shit. So, I did not know the amount of shit that I was going to vote for. Both in college and both internally as well in my mind. When I joined in June 2023, I felt out of place mainly because I was not supposed to be there. It is RYK for fuck's sake. I am earn or utter. I am not supposed to be studying in RYK. I am supposed to be at a better college. But my fuck ups had landed me in RYK of all places. And there was no one good to make friends with. I did end up making friends. I am part of a friend group. They are nice people, ladies and people. But that is besides the point. The people there just are not the type of people that I was hoping to meet in college. I do not like studious people that much. As in, I don't like when someone's whole personality is just regarding studies. And I also don't like when someone's personality is doing what's studying. Like any good centrist, I like to have balance. That balance is that I want the people around to give a shit basically about what they are doing at minimum. To give a shit, you know, you are studying for the scores. You better give a shit about this course. And that's it. And the rest man, you can be a fun person. You can go out, you can bounce lecture. That's all well and good. But you need to give a shit about what you are doing actually at college. What you are studying. You know, what your goals and aspirations are in the future. I give a shit about computers. I fucking love computers. I really do. I have loved computers ever since I was a child. And that is why I joined the computer science course. But that does not explain why I joined this particular computer science course. And that is explained by what I just said before because there is only one who would take me. Maybe not the only one is not where I think of it, but there are the near-est option basically. It is a very... It's such... I don't know how to explain these last three years. 2023 June. Then 24, 25 and now it is April 26. I genuinely cannot believe it's been three years at this point. I genuinely cannot. It was horrible. I used to doubt myself every single day. I am not supposed to be here. I am not supposed to be here, I would say. All of these people are stupid. The students are bad shit stupid. The teachers can't teach for shit. The department is full of buffoons to say the least. And it's just an overall shitty place to be if you want to get shit done basically. Well, not everyone was that. I met good people. He is a good guy. He has hopes and dreams and aspirations. He actually gave us shit. Orch as well. But those are the only two people that I have. I know of that. I have hopes and dreams and aspirations. Well, Sushant, I guess, but I am not that close to Sushant as I am with other and Ursh. So the rest just, I don't know what they have from the future. What they want from the future. But none of them show any signs of that. At least in my friends group, I mean. The others can just go fuck themselves. I don't care about any others. I don't care about how they are as people. I just don't really vibe with any of them. They are... I, they are the kind of people for me, like I mentioned. And then the teachers, not all the teachers are bad, some are okay. But those are good. Some of them inspired me to pursue some cool stuff. I... Let's talk about teachers. Tilluck Maam will good in maths. She... Help me get good grades in maths. Basically, I did not like maths that much. But in first year, because of Tilluck Maam's teaching, I got good grades in maths. Then... Carcarez was good in statistics. Minigales. Geetha Maam and Sanemam were good in electronics. I like their teaching. And I like them as people. Well, Geetha Maam, at least as a person. Like, she is... She is strict when she wants to be. But she feels very approachable. And overall, just a nice person. And then she would talk to us after practicals about our future plans and all of that stuff. Sanemam is a good teacher. She was a good teacher, but then... I don't know, she just... I did not look at her as approachable, at least. Like, a bit kanky, a bit sarcastic, you know, quick with fly remarks. But I don't hold that against her. That's alright. Some teachers are like that. Then a hero maam. Oh my god, a hero maam. In our second year, we had a teacher called a hero maam. She taught computer software engineering, theory subject. But she taught the data structure practical. Like, see programming. And oh my god, she was the strictest practical teacher I have ever had. The other, see, practical teacher, maam and maam. She was actually pretty chill with the students. And by that I meant she wasn't as strict, you know, with all the codes and all. I remember the extremely strict, down to the way that we wrote the code. And at that point, I basically, I cried at a point. I was frustrated. I was so... In my head. And then she used to say that her former students used to call her, used to text her, used to tell her that because of how she taught, they were able to succeed in life. Basically, her teaching made a positive impact on them. And that they look back at her fondly. And I just cough at that internal layer. Like, why the fuck would that be? This is just roasted-entered glasses. Here I am one year after that. And I think she had a point. I think what she said, the way she said, okay, it was tough, it was in the moment. And I can tell it was not very fun. But credit, where credit is due, she did teachers in a way, she did directors in a way that did actually help me personally in a bit. You know, when I write my code, I write it in a certain way. When I format it, I format it in a certain way. When I write my function, my loop, everything, I write those in a certain manner. And I think that's... Credit has to go to her, that's fine. I think I will text her or call her when I'm all grown up. I'll be like, good morning, good old time of the day. I here am, your teaching helped me. I actually met her recently and I told her that the subject that she dot software engineering, that actually helped me in my internship. Oh, also, internship. In my 60 year, what the fuck? In my 60th semester, in my 60th semester of college, I landed an internship. That was the weirdest semester of my life, this past semester, because I was juggling both the internship and college. And by juggling, I mean, I was focusing on the internship and then I was focusing on college. I wasn't focusing on two things that once, but it was... I don't know, I did not enjoy that. I would like to have just one thing on my plate, either my work or my college. So, I did not attend any lectures, of course, but I did attend some... Like, maybe some of the practicals, but not really. I skipped all the practicals. There I attended all of the exams, though, of course. But then I went to college on Saturdays, sometimes, not always, actually. I did not go to college for two months, actually, straight. But then, preparing for the exams, without any classroom experience, just text book and fucking Google notebook, Ellen, with me, somehow, I did it. And it's so strange. I mean, I... It's really strange. I had some little prep time, but I did prep. And I think, given the prep time, I had prepared pretty well. So, yeah. And tomorrow is the final day before that. I felt fucking horrible. All these years, I... There were times I felt suicidal. There were times I felt depressed. There were times I felt like nothing was going according to plan. The worst I felt was after 12th when I got the results and everything was falling apart for me, because I thought that was the end for me. But then, they did not stop after I got into a college. I thought, once I get into a fucking course, it will stop. It did not. I continued to be sad. I continued to be depressed, because I did not belong there. This was not my college. R.I.K. science college is not my college. It was not my department. That was how I felt all of this time. And if you ask me right now, I'm not going to sugarcoat it. I still feel somewhat the same. I may be a student who studied in this department, but this is not my department. It's what I would say is how I would describe it. I do not associate myself with this department that highly. It's just a thing. I just happened to study in this department. And I happened to give my exams and I happened to get my degree from this college and this university. That's all. Is this a harsh outlook? Yeah, it is. Do I care? Honestly, no, not really. It's just true. I'm not just saying it to be edgy. I genuinely, genuinely, genuinely believe that. Because if it's your department, you should feel positive about it. I should feel, you should reminisce about it. At least in a positive way. Not in a way to escape. Not in an escape, even before it's in the future. I'm my job is tough and I'm not having fun at my job. And I'm depressed as shit there. And I look back upon my college days happily. That's not how it should be. That's not that way. I should be able to look back on my college days and be happy regardless of my current situation. When that's that criteria is cleared, I think then that is when you start to make the department your own department. Yes, this is my department. The computer science department of RYK science college is not my department for me. It's just the department that I studied in. I felt so many things like I wasn't enough. I just felt so bad. Whenever I did good in my department, whenever I answered some questions, whenever I showed my intelligence, I used to feel horrible because I felt like I wasn't really that intelligent. But because of all the stupidity around me, I was made out to be more intelligent in comparison. You know, in the will, in the kingdom of blind men, the one-eyed man is king, that type of way. That always followed me every single day of my computer science course. That has never left me. But these days since I've gotten the internship, I have felt a bit better. Since I have other stuff to do, since I have actual stuff to do in my life, you know. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know how I cleared. I do not know how three years went by. Every single semester, every single time. It just went by, went by. And I just feel, I don't know how I feel. You know, it's supposed to feel better sweet. I actually feel satisfaction. That's what I feel. I feel satisfaction of finally having crossed the finish line. And I don't want to look back on the road that I took to get here. I might, but not with anything too positive. But you know what? I'm just grateful that I came here in the first place. And by here, I came to the finish line. Not the route I took. That's another thing. But at least I'm glad that I finished. I feel incredibly weird right now. But that's life. What's life if not incredibly weird? Oh God. It's a crazy life. And yeah. And I'm just, I'm glad that it's over. You know. Don't be sad because it happened. Be happy that it is over. You know, if you flip it. Tomorrow I will go to college. I will... Tomorrow I will wake up in the morning at 6. For the last time. I will go to college. Possibly for the last time. One of the final times. I will go to the garden. For the last time. I will sit down with my classmates, my friends. For the last time I will discuss the exam. And possible questions that can appear. For the last time. I will walk over to the exam center. I will sit down on my assigned seat. I will collect my answer sheet. And then the question paper. And then look at the question paper for the last time. I will write down every answer for the last time. I will get it signed for the last time. I will walk up from my desk. And to the invulator and hand over my paper. For the last time. I will walk out of my exam hall. For the last time. Okay now that I have stayed, it feels very sad. Maybe it just, I am just used to it. I guess. But I am grateful that I am still here. In one piece. Is what I would say. I don't want to be too negative. But I do want to be grateful that I made it. I made it out. And at least I got to meet some decent people. If anything I got to meet the most decent people in my batch. Which is not saying much. But seeing how my batch is, I guess that's honestly an achievement. So, I am glad. And then after that I will get my t-shirt signed by my friends. And then we will go out and eat missile. And then I will come back home. And then I will sleep. Yep, that's how I will do it. It's about to be over. I am so happy. I never thought that day would come but it is here. Or now, within the Rathood, Bachelor's in Science, Computer Science. That's all for me. Peace and the health cheese.