Hello, this is Arnau and currently it is 10:11 pm on Wednesday, 29th of April 2026. Tomorrow I have an exam. It is the final exam of my 6th semester exam. Which means this is the final examination of my computer science degree. Like the whole thing. Like once I come out of the examination hall. I will be done with my course and the only thing left for me to do is to get my marksheet and my degree certificate. I have not started studying for tomorrow's exam because it is easy. Instead I am going to talk about my degree course and all my experience within my exam. So, all the way back in 2023. It is sufficient to say that I fucked up in my 12th exam. I was 66.17. Which meant that I was going to stay in RYK science college because they fucking took anyone above 60%. No question last. I have shit. So, I did not know the amount of shit that I was going to vote for. Both in college and both internally as well in my mind. When I joined in June 2023, I felt out of place mainly because I was not supposed to be there. It is RYK for fuck sake. I am earn or outward. I am not supposed to be studying in RYK. I am supposed to be at a better college. But my fuck ups had landed me in RYK of all places. And there was no one good to make friends with. I did end up making friends. I am part of a friend group. They are nice people, ladies and people. But that is besides the point.

In my 60th year, what the fuck? In my sixth semester of college, I landed an internship. That was the weirdest semester of my life. This past semester, because I was juggling both the internship and college. And by juggling, I mean, I was focusing on the internship, and then I was focusing on college. I wasn't focusing on two things at once, but it was... I don't know, I did not enjoy that. I would like to have just one thing on my plate, either my work or my college. So, I did not attend any lectures, of course, but I did attend some... Maybe some of the practicals, but not really. I skipped all the practicals. There I attended all of the exams, though, of course. But then I went to college on Saturdays. Sometimes, not always, actually, I did not go to college for two months, actually, straight. But then, preparing for the exams, without any classroom experience, just textbook and fucking Google Notebook LM, with me, somehow, I did it. And it's so strange. I mean, I... It's really strange. I had some little prep time, but I did prep. And I think, given the prep time, I have prepared pretty well. So, yeah. And tomorrow is the final day before that. I felt fucking horrible all these years. There were times I felt suicidal. There were times I felt depressed. There were times I felt like nothing was going according to plan. The worst I had felt was after 12th. When I got the results and everything was falling apart for me, because I thought that was the end for me. But then, they did not stop after I got into a college. I thought, once I get into a fucking course, it will stop. It did not. I continued to be sad. I continued to be depressed, because I did not belong there. This was not my college. RYK Science College is not my college. It was not my department. That was how I felt all of this time. And if you ask me right now, I'm not going to sugarcoat it. I still feel somewhat the same. I may be a student who studied in this department, but this is not my department. It's what I would say is how I would describe it. I do not associate myself with this department that highly. It's just a thing. I just happened to study in this department. And I happened to give my exam, and I happened to get my degree from this college and this university. That's all. Is this a harsh outlook? Yeah, it is. Do I care? Honestly, no, not really, because it's just true. I'm not just saying it to be edgy. I genuinely, genuinely, genuinely believe that, because if it's your department, you should feel positive about it, right? I should feel you should reminisce about it, at least in a positive way. Not in a way to escape. Not in an escape in the future. If I'm my job is tough, and I'm not having fun at my job, and I'm just depressed as shit there, and I look back upon my college days happily. That's not how it should be. That's not that way. I should be able to look back on my college days and be happy regardless of my current situation. When that criteria is cleared, I think then that is when you start to make the department your own department. Yes, this is my department. The computer science department of RYK science college is not my department for me. It's just the department that I studied in. I felt so many things like I wasn't enough, like I just felt so bad. Whenever I did good in my department, whenever I answered some questions, whenever I showed my intelligence, I used to feel horrible, because I felt like I wasn't really that intelligent, but because of all the stupidity around me, I was made out to be more intelligent, in comparison, you know, in the kingdom of blind men, the one-eyed man-skinned, that type of way. That always followed me every single day of my computer science course. That has never left me. But these days, since I've gotten the internship, I have felt a bit better, since I have other stuff to do in my life, you know. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know. No. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know how I cleared. I do not know how three years went by. Every single semester, every single time, it just went by, went by, and I just feel, I don't know how I feel, you know. It's supposed to feel better sweet. I actually feel, that's satisfaction, that's what I feel. I feel satisfaction of finally having crossed the finish line, and I don't want to look back on the road that I took to get here. I might, but not with anything too positive. But you know what? I'm just grateful that I came here in the first place, you know. And by here, I mean, I came to the finish line. Not the route I took, that's another thing. But at least I'm glad that I finished, you know. I feel incredibly weird right now. But that's life. What's life if not incredibly weird? Oh God. It's a crazy life, and yeah. And I'm just, I'm glad that it's over, you know. Don't be sad because it happened. Be happy that it is over. You know, if you flip it. Tomorrow I will go to college. Tomorrow I will wake up in the morning and six for the last time. I will go to college, possibly for the last time. One of the final times, I will go to the garden for the last time. I will sit down with my classmates, my friends, for the last time I will discuss the exam and possible questions that can appear for the last time. I will walk over to the exam center, the exam block, my room, for the last time. I will sit down on my assigned seat. I will collect my answer sheet and then the question paper and then look at the question paper for the last time I will write down every answer for the last time. I will get it signed for the last time. I will walk up from my desk and to the invisorulator and hand over my paper for the last time. I will walk out of my exam hall for the last time. Now that I have stayed, it feels very sad. Maybe I am just used to it. I am grateful that I am still here. In one piece is what I would say. I do not want to be too negative. But I do want to be grateful that I made it out. At least I got to meet some decent people. If anything I got to meet the most decent people in my batch. Which is not saying much but seeing how my batch is, I guess that is honestly an achievement. So I am glad. After that I will get my t-shirt signed by my friends. Then we will go out and eat myself. Then I will come back home. Then I will sleep. That is how I will do it. It is about to be over. I am so happy. I never thought that day would come but it is here. Or now within the Rathood, Bachelor's in Science, Computer Science. That is all for me. Peace and the health cheese.