Hello, this is Arnau, and currently, it's 10:11 pm on Wednesday, 29th of April 2026. Tomorrow, I have an exam. It is the final exam of my 6th semester exam. Which means this is the final examination of my computer science degree. Like the whole thing. Like once I come out of the examination hall. I will be done with my course and the only thing left for me to do is to get my mark sheet and my degree certificate. I have not started studying for tomorrow's exam because it is easy. Instead, I am going to talk about my degree course. And all my experience will be done on everything basically in one whole thing.

Alright, so all the way back in 2023. It is sufficient to say that I fucked up in my 12th examination and I got 66.17% which meant that I was going to stay in RYK science college because they fucking took anyone above 60% grade. No question, I will answer that. So I did not know the amount of shit that I was going to vote for. Both in college and both internally as well in my mind. When I joined in June 2023, I felt out of place mainly because I was not supposed to be there. It is RYK for fuck sake, I am or not or I am not supposed to be studying in RYK. I am supposed to be at a better college but my fuck ups had landed me in RYK of all places. And there was no one good to make friends with. I did end up making friends, part of a friend group, the nice people, ladies and people. But that is besides the point. People there just are not the type of people that I was hoping to meet in college. I do not like studious people that much. As in, I don't like when someone's whole being revolves around their studies. Not that it's a bad thing, but it's just not for me.

But these days, since I've gotten the internship, I have felt a bit better, since I have other stuff to do in my life. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know. This is the chapter of my life that I do not know how I cleared. I do not know how three years went by. Every single semester, every single time. It just went by, went by, and I just feel, I don't know how I feel. You know, it's supposed to feel better sweet. I actually feel satisfaction. That's what I feel. And I feel satisfaction of finally having crossed the finish line, and I don't want to look back on the road that I took to get here. I might, but not with anything too positive. But you know what, I'm just grateful that I came here in the first place. And by here, I mean, I came to the finish line. Not the route I took. That's another thing. At least I'm glad that I are finished. I feel incredibly weird right now, but that's life. What's life? It's not incredibly weird. Oh God. It's a crazy life. Yeah. And I'm glad that it's over. You know, don't be sad because it happened. Be happy that it is over. You know, if you flip it. Tomorrow I will go to college. Tomorrow I will wake up in the morning and for the last time. I will go to college, possibly for the last time. One of the final times. I will go to the garden for the last time. I will sit down with my classmates, my friends for the last time I will discuss the exam and possible question that can appear for the last time. I will walk over to the exam center. I have my exam block, my room for the last time. I will sit down on my assigned seat. I will collect my answer sheet and then the question paper and then look at the question paper for the last time. I will write down every answer for the last time. I will get it signed for the last time. I will walk up from my desk and to the invulator and hand over my paper for the last time. I will walk out of my exam hall for the last time. Okay, now that I stayed, it feels very sad. Maybe it just, I am just used to it. I guess but I am grateful that I am still here in one piece is what I would say. I don't want to be too negative. But I do want to be grateful that I made it, and I made it out. And at least I got to meet some decent people. If anything, I got to meet the most decent people in my batch. Which is not saying much but seeing how my batch is, I guess that is honestly an achievement. So, I am glad. And then after that I will get my t-shirt signed by my friends. And then we will go out and eat myself. And then I will come back home. And then I will sleep. Yep, that's how I will do it. It's about to be over. I am so happy. I never thought that day would come but it is here. Or now, the dindra rathod, bachelor's in science, computer science. That's all for me. Peace and the health cheese.