Hello, this is Arnaud and currently it is 10:11 p.m. on Wednesday, 29th of April 2026. Tomorrow I have an exam – the final exam of my 6th semester exam. This is the final examination of my computer science degree. Like the whole thing. Like once I come out of the examination hall, I will be done with my course and the only thing left for me to do is to get my mark sheet and my degree certificate.

I have not started studying for tomorrow's exam because it is easy. Instead, I am going to talk about my degree course and all my experiences and everything basically. In one whole thing. Alright, so all the way back in 2023, it is sufficient to say that I fucked up in my 12th examination. And I got 66.17% which meant that I was going to stay in RYK Science College. Because they fucking took anyone above 60% grade. No questions asked. Type shit.

So, I did not know the amount of shit that I was going to go through. Both in college and both internally as well. In my mind. When I joined in June 2023, I felt out of place. Mainly because I was not supposed to be there. It is RYK for fuck sake. I am Arnav Rathod. I am not supposed to be studying in RYK. I was supposed to be at a better college. But my fuck-ups had landed me in RYK of all places.

And there was no one good to make friends with. I did end up making friends. I am part of a friend group. They are nice people. They are decent people. But that is besides the point. The people there are not the type of people that I was hoping to meet in college. I do not like studious people that much. As in, I do not like when someone's whole personality is just regarding studies. And I also do not like when someone's personality is... I think do with studying. Like any good centrist, I like to have balance.

And that balance is that I want the people I am around to be... To give a shit basically about what they are doing. At minimum. To give a shit. You are studying for this course. You better give a shit. This is my department – the computer science department of RYK Science College – is not my department for me. It's just the department that I studied in. I felt so many things like I wasn't enough. Like I I just felt so bad whenever I did good in my department whenever I answered some questions whenever I like showed my intelligence, I used to feel horrible because I had I felt like that I wasn't really that intelligent but because of all the stupidity around me, I was made out to be more intelligent in comparison.

You know, in the kingdom of blind men, the one-eyed man is king that type of way that always followed me every single day of my computer science course that has never left me. But these days since I've gotten the internship, I have felt a bit better since I have other stuff to do since I have actual stuff to do in my life.

You know this is a chapter of my life that I do not know the chapter of my life that I do not know how I cleared it. Every single semester every single time it just went by. I went by and I just feel I don't know how I feel. It's supposed to feel bittersweet, but actually, I feel satisfaction that's what I feel. I feel satisfaction of finally having crossed the finish line.

And I don't want to look back on the road that I took to get here I might, but not with anything too positive. But you know what I'm just grateful that I came here in the first place. By here, I mean I came to the finish line, not the route I took. That's another thing, but at least I am glad that I finished. You know I feel incredibly weird right but that's life. What's life if not incredibly weird? Oh god it's a crazy life and yeah. And I'm just I'm glad that it's over. Don't be sad because it happened, be happy that it is over.

You know if you flip it tomorrow I will go to college one last time. I will wake up in the morning at 6 for the last time. I will go to college possibly for the last time one of the final times. I will go to the garden for the last time. I will sit down with my classmates my friends for the last time. I will discuss the exam and possible questions that can appear for the last time. I will walk over to the exam center my exam block my room for the last time.

I will sit down on my assigned seat. I will collect my answer sheet and then the question paper and then look at the question paper for the last time. I will write down every answer for the last time. I will get it signed for the last time. I will walk up from my desk and to the invigilator and hand over my paper for the last time.

I will walk out of my exam hall for the last time. Okay now that I said it feels very sad but maybe it's just I'm just used to it, I guess but I'm grateful that I am still here in one piece is what I would say. I don't want to be too negative, but I do want to be grateful that I made it. I made it out and at least I got to meet some decent people. You know if anything, I got to meet the most most decent people in my batch which is not saying much but seeing how my batches, I guess that's honestly an achievement.

So I'm glad, and then after that, I'll get my t-shirt signed by my friends and then we'll go out and eat myself and then I'll come back home and then I will sleep. Yep, that's how it will be. It's about to be over. I'm so happy I never thought the day would come but it is here – Arnav Jitendra Rathod bachelors in science computer science. That's all for me peace and gahev cheese.